Up on the hill or water We're all here to join
In a song we don't!!!
Every day, every night, We're all here to join
We're all here to join in a song
And we're all here to sing
Our God and angel angels sing, Glory to the newborn King.
Peace on earth and mercy mild, God and sinners reconciled.
Joyful all ye nations rise, Join the triumph of the skies.
Hail, the telechopso plain, Christ is born in Bethlehem.
Hark, the herald angels sing, Glory to the newborn King.
Christ by eyes and adore, Christ the everlasting Lord.
Late in time behold him come, All spring of the virgin's womb.
Hail, in flesh the Godhead sing, Hail, the Godhead deity.
Lillard fared with man to dwell, Jesus our Emmanuel.
Hark, the herald angels sing, Glory to the newborn King.
O die you, brandy I, O turn of quality, O die you, O die you, be Bethlehem red.
Red and mellow I cry, Red in a rock I am, O die you, Cacophony, O die you, Cacophony, O die you, Cacophony, Hail, the name.
Oh come, all ye faithful, Joyful and triumphant, O come ye, O come ye to Bethlehem.
Come and behold him, O'er the King of angels.
O come, let us adore him, O come, let us adore him, O come, let us adore him.
Christ the Lord, Sing, choirs of angels, Sing in exultation, Sing, all ye citizens of heaven above.
Glory to God in the highest, O come, let us adore him, O come, let us adore him, O come, let us adore him.
Christ the Lord, Beg or be with me, Or mishap me more, Jesus, to thee we in glory give.
O come, let us adore him, O come, let us adore him, O come, let us adore him.
Christ the Lord.
See, loo, dee, heaven above, come, come, See, loo, dee, loo, dee, loo,
He loo, dee, blanches, bah, bah, Bah, See, loo, dee, loo, dee, loo.
Leor in kiosk in the sea, All thy mure bed o'er,
Above and queen, on tally-dee, See, loo, dee, loo, dee, loo.
Christ, have rest God, be with me right now, O come, enjoy our brood,
With all the joy of heaven good, Full of all thy ne'er-hoard.
I know some thee, a prince, behoist, Be fair and sing anew.
I'm in and croist thee, my suffering, Here on the barbed-bed, O my dear new-day.
O come, and now be with me.
The child o'er thine heart I sing, Ah, who'll I bring young thee for me?
Arbor ed in the new-day, An ark with a gorm in the tide,
He'll yes, the angle above and mar, Arbor ed in the new-day.
Be the plant with God of our West, Be the fountains for new-life,
Righteo in my heart, I sing, O come, enjoy our brood,
In unto well-bred, O hee-nah, In unto well-bred, O hee-nah,
Be the plant with God of our West, Be the fountains for new-life,
Round his hound the breast, And well he barked me,
O come, and now be with me. O come, and now be with me.
Arbor ed in the new-day, An ark with a gorm in the tide,
He'll yes, the angle above and mar, Arbor ed in the new-day,
O hee-nah, in unto well-bred, O hee-nah, in unto well-bred,
O hee-nah, in unto well-bred, O hee-nah, in unto well-bred.
Away from danger, no prayer for a bed, The little Lord Jesus lay down His sweet head,
The stars in the sky looked down where He lay, The little Lord Jesus a-sweet from the hay.
The cattle I loathe in God, for baby wait, But with the Lord Jesus no crying be made,
I love thee, Lord Jesus, look down from the sky, And stay by my cradle till morning is nigh.
Be near me, Lord Jesus, I ask thee to stay, Close by me forever, and love me, I pray,
Bless all the dear children in thy tender care, And take us to heaven to live with thee, O earth.
And thou, little one, I think I ought to cry, When I'm present by thee, When I'm present by thee.
Silent night, holy night, All is calm, all is bright, Round yon virgin, mother and child,
Holy infant so tender and mild, Sleep in heavenly peace, Sleep in heavenly peace.
Silent night, holy night, Shepherd's word so delight,
Word resounding clear and long, Far and near the angels song, Christ the Savior is here,
Christ the Savior is here.